I want to write on the most informal way and try to tell you what the project. First, there is no big team behind this project, it is just me! Maybe at some point others will join to help, that will be awesome. There is no venture funding, no ICO, no nothing. Indie blokchain game babe! It is just one person that enjoys workin on this things, learning and coding day and night. I want to make it very clear that you should not participate in this project if you expect any kind of monetary return. In the most clear words possible, you are unlikely to see any sort of gains from the tokens and NFTS that take part in the game. I really cant make it more clear, yet I will make sure the game reminds everyone of this fact. Also this does not mean that a Blokchain could reach out and help fund dvelopment, I will take your money. Just make it clear to your users what the game is.  This is not a play to earn game, and is definelly not an investment. What it is, is a game. So why I'm making this game, and why is there for tokens and NFTS. Back in the 1990, I played lots of Zelda, Dragon Quest, and other games of that era. Since then I always wanted to build something like that, and now I just happen to have the experience, knoweldge and time to do it. I´m far from an expert on games, yet I think I have come up with a set of dynamics that would make for a really fun experience. Worst case for me, I had lots of fun creating a game. And as for why use tokens and NFTS, well they make sense, and I wrote it the best I could on the white paper. There is an incentive to get the tokens, to then be able to get an islands. I guess the ultimate way to win the game, is to get all the Islands. Then I have also worked on Blokchain for a long time, you can sill find my posts on bitcointalk, and got my first Bitcoin for free from (that guy).  So that is wo I am, what Im building, and why Im building it. I really hope there are others that would like to jump back into a NES like experience using their phones, but this time is multiplayer, and the tokens and islands you get, those are really yours. Cant wait to get playing, and see you all on the game, it really is going to be awesome.  Dont expect cuting edge graphics or super complicate dinamics! Think NES and SNES, type of game. Werent they they best anyway?
